# [Indy](../README.md) - Reference

## Ideas

Raiders is about finding god and its commandments. Crusade is about finding Christ and its cup.
Atlantis is about finding the holy spirit and its temple.

Atlantis is about the holy spirit vs the unholy ghost. It's common sense philosophy vs Nietzschean
ideals that are divorced from the western christian trajectory, some sort of a heresy that's
seductive for smart people looking for power like Kerner. Atlantis is a utopia that's both
fascinating to Jones and Kerner but ultimately deadly because it misses the true nature of life.

The antagonist should be smart in this one and we should understand where he is coming from. The
uberman is a concept that's seductive to a lot of people. Vilains are often portrayed as dumb, in
this one, the vilain should be smarter than the hero and ultimately fails not because of a lack
of intelligence but a lack of heart, losing grasp with the fabric of reality.

After Raiders and Crusade, indy can't be a blank page it makes no sense, but he should not be a
monk either, for he is the archetype of the adventurer. He is like a crusader, that relies on
common sense and his experiences, trusting his guts without ruling away the divine. Unlike Jones
senior which is much more of a traditional catholic deeply rooted in faith. The father is the
tradition and the son is the application of tradition: common sense applied to adventure and
archeology. Indy engages with the world and the wonders that he teaches at school.

---

Kerner is the philosopher and the doctor is a rational mad scientist that has lost almost everyting
but reason. He is the archetype of the madman that's backed up by a corrupt ideology. He has little
room for redemption because his approach is entirely materialistic. Kerner has more of a romantic
trait along with finesse, he genuinely believes he is doing good. Kerner does not believe in good
or evil, he is a cold pragmatical scientific thinker that wants power to eradicate what he
considers unnatural. He is a nazy ideology zealot. His science is his god. Kerner sees nazism as a
mean to an end. The doctor sees nazism as the end.

## Inspiration

Chesterton orthodoxy: for the adventurer archetype. Common sense driven, ready for adventure.
Willing to admit they are things that we don't understand beyond perception, based on perosnal
experiences on the field. It's more of a crusader faith than a monk.

## Dialogs

Sophia
Wait... Are you a Christian Jones ?

Indy
I'm an apostle of common sense... But I don't have enough faith to be a rationalist.

---

Kerner (in the car leaving the college)
Rain and fire.
/
Rain and fire Marcus... Rain and fire.

Marcus
More like darkness and brutality.

---

Kerner
How deep are you prepared to go doctor Jones. Through rain and fire.
